index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## Dutch Elm Disease threatens our elm trees

It's almost impossible to imagine the area around Roanoke Park without its glorious elm trees. But Dutch Elm Disease could wipe all of them out in a single season. The only way to protect the trees is a fungicide inoculation every three years by a licensed arborist. Each tree costs between $600 and $975 to inoculate; our goal is to raise $11,000 to keep the trees healthy for the next three to six years.

## How to help

We are asking everyone who enjoys Roanoke Park's elm trees to consider donating to keep these magnificent trees healthy. This four-minute video describes the problem and its only known solution.

<!-- Center the video -->
<div class="container">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IMr0vxVy5Ug?si=SiZWNoX5hREH59_0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## If we exceed our fundraising goal

Because of the astounding generosity of neighbors and friends, it looks like we will exceed the goal we had set. But the trees require inoculation every three years, so all donations above our goal will be put into a dedicated account and applied to future treatments.

## Two ways to donate

By far the simplest way is to use a credit card through this secure GoFundMe link. **Note: Be sure to set the "tip" amount to zero!** (GoFundMe keeps 100% of the "tip", and they already charge us a fee on every donation):

<div class="container">
<div class="gfm-embed" data-url="https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-protect-roanoke-parks-elms/widget/medium?sharesheet=fundraiser sidebar&attribution_id=undefined"></div><script defer src="https://www.gofundme.com/static/js/embed.js"></script>
</div>


But if you'd prefer, you can send a check, made payable to Jim Simpkins ([why should you trust Jim?](./jim-simpkins.html)), with "Elm trees" in the memo line, to:


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jim Simpkins<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2823 Broadway E<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Seattle, WA 98102

Either way, *thank you*. If you don't get a thank-you message from us within a day or two of your donation, let us know by email.

## Learn more
- About our videographer, [Ezra Asfaw](./videographer.html)<br/>
- About our neighborhood's fight against [Dutch Elm Disease](./learn-more.html)<br/>
- Any other questions? Just email us at RoanokeParkElms@gmail.com

Commit message:

Essentially shut down the site, added thank-you messages

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# June 7, 2025: We exceeded our fundraising goal

Because of an outpouring of generosity, we are closing down this fundraising site. We will keep the "Donate Now" button functional for another day or so, then we will turn it off for the next three years.

The next step will be inoculations of all the trees, likely to take place in the third week of June. The arborist will drill small holes around the base of each tree, connect tubes to the holes, and then connect the other end of the tubes to a container of fungicide. The trees will "drink up" the fungicide, providing protection all the way to the outer branches and leaves.

<!-- COMMENT OUT THE ENTIRE REST OF THIS FILE

## How to help

We are asking everyone who enjoys Roanoke Park's elm trees to consider donating to keep these magnificent trees healthy. This four-minute video describes the problem and its only known solution.


<div class="container">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IMr0vxVy5Ug?si=SiZWNoX5hREH59_0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## If we exceed our fundraising goal

Because of the astounding generosity of neighbors and friends, it looks like we will exceed the goal we had set. But the trees require inoculation every three years, so all donations above our goal will be put into a dedicated account and applied to future treatments.

## Two ways to donate

By far the simplest way is to use a credit card through this secure GoFundMe link. **Note: Be sure to set the "tip" amount to zero!** (GoFundMe keeps 100% of the "tip", and they already charge us a fee on every donation):

<div class="container">
<div class="gfm-embed" data-url="https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-protect-roanoke-parks-elms/widget/medium?sharesheet=fundraiser sidebar&attribution_id=undefined"></div><script defer src="https://www.gofundme.com/static/js/embed.js"></script>
</div>


But if you'd prefer, you can send a check, made payable to Jim Simpkins ([why should you trust Jim?](./jim-simpkins.html)), with "Elm trees" in the memo line, to:


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jim Simpkins<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2823 Broadway E<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Seattle, WA 98102

Either way, *thank you*. If you don't get a thank-you message from us within a day or two of your donation, let us know by email.

## Learn more
- About our videographer, [Ezra Asfaw](./videographer.html)<br/>
- About our neighborhood's fight against [Dutch Elm Disease](./learn-more.html)<br/>
- Any other questions? Just email us at RoanokeParkElms@gmail.com

-->
