learn-more.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Dutch Elm Disease ravages Seattle elm trees
description: But our neighborhood - with your financial help - fights back
---

## Erin O'Connor's legacy

Back in 2002, our beloved neighbor Erin O'Connor recognized the threat that Dutch Elm Disease posed to our neighborhood. The mature trees that shade both sides of Edgar Street, as well as several of the largest trees in Roanoke Park, are all elms. Dutch Elm Disease (which, despite its name, kills many kinds of elms) decimated the elms on the East Coast and in the Midwest, but was largely unknown in Seattle - until the disease spread, perhaps from Boise, Idaho to Walla Walla along the Interstate 84 corridor by travelers carrying infected firewood. In 2001, three infected trees were identified in Seattle, five more in 2002, and dozens if not hundreds more since then. There is no cure once a tree has been infected.

Our neighborhood would be unrecognizable if its elms died. Erin had the foresight to set up a system of regular inoculations with fungicide (the only known way to keep the disease away), and we have been following it every three years since then.

The inoculations will take place sometime in June. Stop by to take a look if you haven't seen the process before. The arborist drills a series of small holes, then connects tubes to supply liquid fungicide to the base of the tree. The tree's natural transpiration process draws the fungicide all the way through to the top. The scientific evidence so far suggests that this treatment will protect the tree for the three years between inoculations.

[Go back](./)

Commit message:

Wording changes, linked to external fact sheet

learn-more.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Dutch Elm Disease ravages elms
description: But our neighborhood - with your financial help - fights back
---

## Erin O'Connor's legacy

Back in 2002, our beloved neighbor Erin O'Connor recognized the threat that Dutch Elm Disease posed to our neighborhood. The mature trees that shade both sides of Edgar Street, as well as several of the largest trees in Roanoke Park, are all elms. Dutch Elm Disease (which, despite its name, kills many kinds of elms) decimated the elms on the East Coast and in the Midwest, but was largely unknown in Seattle - until the disease spread, perhaps from Boise, Idaho to Walla Walla along the Interstate 84 corridor by travelers carrying infected firewood. In 2001, three infected trees were identified in Seattle, five more in 2002, and dozens if not hundreds more since then. There is no cure once a tree has been infected.

Our neighborhood would be unrecognizable if its elms died. Erin had the foresight to set up a system of regular inoculations with fungicide (the only known way to keep the disease away), and we have been following it every three years since then.

The inoculations will take place sometime in June. Stop by to take a look if you haven't seen the process before. The arborist drills a series of small holes, then connects tubes to supply liquid fungicide to the base of the tree. The tree's natural transpiration process draws the fungicide all the way through to the top. The scientific evidence so far suggests that this treatment will protect the tree for the three years between inoculations.

## More about the disease

This superb [fact sheet](https://extension.unh.edu/resource/dutch-elm-disease-fact-sheet) by plant specialists from the University of New Hampshire describes the disease process in great detail. It includes photographs of infected wood, as well as a magnified view of the tiny beetle that causes all this trouble.

[Go back](./)
